So we've got a bit of read system
information and expose it as well.
That's cool, I guess.
But there's some other things
that we can do, which is again,
we have the full power of Node.js,
we have the full power of the web.
The other interesting thing we can do is
if we go into, if you don't have, and
the README is install ngrok,
if you don't have that installed,
just do a brew install ngrok right now.
You might have to make an account,
unclear, but
we'll kinda walk through it
a little bit as well, too.
And so,
what we can do is also theoretically,
one of the examples I have
here is just using it.
You might wanna have a more robust
setup than what I'm gonna do, but
theoretically you could have it listen for
webhooks from GitHub repos.
New PR or new star on the repo, you could
have it display that information as well,
right?
And there's a bunch of
options you can do there.
And really, that's just exposing the
Express server, setting the webhook link.
You might choose to do something a little
bit more robust, but we could try it out.
So let's actually pull that in.
I'll do the same file just
to keep life easy for us.
And so what we can do in this case is, I'm
just going to pull in some of that Express
stuff that we used earlier, as well.
And so let's go ahead and
open all that up.
So what we'll do is we'll say
that we want to pull in Express,
import express from 'express'.
They all spell express, right?
I don't know.
So pull in express, and
then we'll say make an express app.
And we'll say, we'll pull on port 3000.
Or if you have an environment variable set
to another port obviously that's all that
code is doing.
If not, default to 3000 cuz
that seems reasonable to me.
And then just like we had in all
the examples earlier, we'll just say,
app.post, and I'm just gonna
make an endpoint /api/update.
And that will take a request and
a response, as we've seen before.
And we'll start out with
just res.sendStatus.
Cuz we're gonna use an external service,
so
we wanna be able to say
that everything is okay.
Cool, and let's also console.log that.
And see what we have in this case.
So now we have the ability to
have a webhook in this case.
And what we'll do is I will comment out
this code cuz we might need it later.
We'll say when that comes in.
I don't remember exactly
what the payload is, so
we'll start with console logging it,
but we'll start with the app.
And just put that all in place.
I don't really need a callback,
we'll just say, console.log,
Web Server is up and running!
All right, and we'll start that up.
Let that web server start.
And then I'm gonna go over to terminal.
So we've got ngrok here, what we can
bind it to, we'll do to HTTP and
we're just gonna go to 3000.
So I'll do ngrok http 3000 and,
That's gonna forward from this
domain over to my local web server.
And so I could theoretically do
something like go onto GitHub,
let's go into this repo right here.
We'll do Settings, Just set up a webhook.
And then all we wanna do is,
and we said API,
did I call it update, what did I call it?
Update, update,
we'll have it send some JSON.
I should secure it, eh, send everything.
Looks like something came in,
I didn't, req.body.
I didn't set up that bodyParser.
Good thing I did this on just
a random thing at first.
Cool, let's just steal that
from one of the other ones.
BodyParser.
Pull that in.
We want, import bodyParser from
'body-parser'.
Let's kill that server and restart it.
And let's go ahead and let's,
I don't know, star the repo.
Not that I'm looking for
stars or anything like that.
>> I don't know if you had
selected push everything.
It looked like the box above it was-
>> We got, just send me everything.
Now it should send an,
I didn't put the full endpoint in here.
So that'll do it.
Cool, I don't know that.
All right, one more time with feeling.
So yeah, we did send a post to 404.
It didn't send anything when I updated it.
So I'm gonna delete this one more time.
Cuz it sends an initial event for
you to validate everything works,
which is good because it helps me
validate that everything works.
And I'll just make sure that
that's still the right address.
Yep, looks like it is.
Cool, cool, cool.
Send me everything at that webhook, and
I should see a brand new event in here.
There it is, we got everything.
So now every time that something happens,
I should get a full payload of
everything that happened from GitHub.
And then what I wanna do is I would like
to forward that over to this LCD screen
over there.
So let's go ahead and
I'm gonna star my own repo.
And so I should get, as you can see,
all that data is coming in,
maybe not the most easiest
to read way possible.
But we've got starred on what repository,
it'll tell you everything from the name
and everything along those lines.
Well, that's the started one, not starred.
But yeah, you can clearly see that it was
me that did the starring because I get all
that information based on it.
I've got other people starring it now.
Wee, so cool.
We can actually say that when these come
in we can go, the repo was starred and
who starred it, and
something along those lines as well.
So if I grab this real quick,
I can grab one of these.
You get the full notification's URL,
something along those lines.
We know that we get an action in there,
that was the webhook was created.
But anything that kinda comes
in we can play around with here.
I can totally play around
with this all the way, but
let's just do payload action, right?
Cuz we know that comes in.
So when something comes in, we'll go
ahead and we're going to take the,
lcd.clear.
We'll print the payload.action.
We should see whatever that is kind of
come in and play around at the same time.
So I'm gonna kill this server, and we
can now hook it up so it receives stuff.
So it' like you can actually have a little
red light go off when a new PR comes in
that you should have code reviewed
while you're doing something else.
Whatever it is, any of those stuff,
your Arduino can now get messages
from the outside world and be able to show
you any of these things along the way.
Cool, so that clears, and then I'm gonna
go ahead and star and unstar, undefined.
Well, I'm getting messages pushed,
so that's kind of cool.
Cuz it should be the payload,
if you get the full payload.
I'll grab one of these in a second.
But the general idea here is that we've
got stuff coming from the outside world
that kind of comes in and
we can display it on the screen, and
we've got that full loop happening there.
All right, moment of truth,
we've got just a message saying
your repository was starred.
We could do a bunch of
stuff with the payload.
The little problems with actually
parsing it are slightly outside of this.
So we're gonna post a star, so
right now if we look at the LCD screen,
it says waiting,
the GitHub repository triggers a webhook.
It says your repository was starred.